>> Shirley: I want us to make that with
everything that we've learned so far.
With the first goal being just getting
all of these bars using the right scales.
And then a extra bonus if you
can get the axes in there also.
And I provided the starter code in there.
And, so this is the starter code and
then really briefly,
this data site is the temperatures
across a certain number of years for
three different cities and
I've just, let me show you the data also.
This is what the data looks like,
I realize it's really ugly
to look at the raw data.
But it's essentially a CSV and
there's four attributes,
the date itself, the temperature for
New York, the temperature for San
Francisco, and the temperature for Austin.
So,
>> Shirley: Will
you make me a,
>> Shirley: Bar
chart If all of the temperatures,
for any of, for
one of the cities you're choosing,
scale it correctly where
the x is your date and
the y is your temperature of
one of the cities and, yeah and
this is kind of what we were
talking about before and
Allison, yes that's her name.
And that was what we were talking about
if you have a nonstandard date format,
you can use three dot
time parse to get that.